# String Input Generation #

### Purpose ###

The purpose of this repository is to provide the file necessary to build a Docker image of the string input generation code located in https://github.com/marlinroberts21/string-constraint-inputs.

### Access ###

The string input generation repository is currently private. In order to successfully build the docker image your github username will have to be added to the repository by me. After that, you will need to put your username and password in the clone command in the dockerfile before executing docker build.

The code will be integrated into an existing public repository once completed.

### Dockerfile ###

The steps for creating the docker image are:

- Clone this repository to your system that is running Docker:
```
git clone https://github.com/marlinroberts21/string-input-docker.git
```
- Edit the Dockerfile inside the cloned repo to include your github username and password on the indicated line:
```
RUN git clone https://username:password@github.com/marlinroberts21/string-constraint-inputs.git
```
- Use the Docker build command to create the image:
```
docker build --tag string_input_docker .
```
- The build clones the private repository and uses Maven to build the project. Once built, the image can be started with:
```
docker run -ti string_input_docker
```


### Running Examples ###

The entry point for the Docker image is a bash shell starting in a directory containing the .jar and sample JSON files. The JSON files are named inverse_case_N.json where N is a number/letter identifier. To see the available sample files use:
```
ls inverse_case*.JSON
```
To execute the input generator on a graph, use:
```
java -jar inv-solver.jar inverse_case_N.json
```

### Notes ###

- The string input generator currently requires string constraint graphs generated by other programs for input. Integration to a symbolic execution framework is in progress.

- The string input generator currently outputs debug information that is not suitable for comparison to other systems.
